1. What is the output of a recursive method

1.a 
      The purpose of a recursive method is to reduce the original problem, making it increasingly closer to the base case,
      until eventually it becomes that case itself.

2. Analyze types of recursion

2.a
      Recursive Selection Sort
            Starts by finding the smallest number in the list and swaps it with the first number.
            Then it ignores the first number and sorts the remaining smaller list recursively.
            
      Recursive Binary Search
            Case 1: If the key is less than the middle element, recursively search the key in the first half of the array.
            Case 2: If the key is equal to the middle element, the search ends with a match.
            Case 3: If the key is greater than the middle element, recursively search the key in the second half of the array.
            
      Tail Recursion
            A recursive method is said to be tail recursive if there are no pending operations to be performed on return from a
            recursive call.
            


3. What a base case looks like when dealing with recursion.

4. Should know what sort of problems can result from a recursive algorithm.

4.a
      Recursion bears substantial overhead. Each time the program calls a method, the system must assign space for all of the method's 
      local variables and parameters. This can consume considerable memory and requires extra time to manage the additional space.
      
      However recursion is good for solving the problems that are inherently recursive.

What is a generic how do you build a generic array?

How do you create list of integers for doubles, or strings.

What does it mean for generic type to be bounded by some super class?

what is a raw type?

How do you know if a certain generic type is a subclass of another?

What is a wildcard?

code segments for code fill in, code missing statement, statement to complete

type comparable? what does it mean? what is included?

Why do you have a type comparable?

What is a java collections framework?

Which interface does the framework implement?

Should know all methods that are included  with the collections framework interface?

what is a for each loop, and how do you use it?

what is the difference between array list and a linked list?

what are the advantageous and disadvantageous of each?

Code segment involving generics, what is result of running code?

linked list, array list, code segments, need to know syntax errors if program doesn't run

How do you find the largest element in the collection?

which data type implements the collection interface?

How do you store elements in there natural order(alphabetical or descending etc)?

what is in iterator?

should know how to use all methods associated wit concrete types working with list array list, linked list, sets,maps etc.

What are the advent/disadvant. hash set tree hash set link hash set and when do you use each one for each type of application?

How do you perform set operations on sets.

More code segements, sets, and maps

What is a map?

scenario, what data  structure most suitable for that scenario?

Which s best if u want to sort data, access data in order it was submitted? know which structure is releveant and which is best in certain circumstances.
